Probabilities, Statistical Theories, Econometric and Their Applications:

Access Statistics for Participating RePEc Services(LogEc): https://logec.repec.org/
David Dalpiaz (https://daviddalpiaz.org/): TA professor for the Department of Statistics at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. His materials can be found in Github (https://github.com/daviddalpiaz/) and Reddit (https://www.reddit.com/user/daviddalpiaz). His other collaborators are Alex Reinhart (https://www.refsmmat.com/) and Cosma Shalizi (http://bactra.org/notebooks/).
Economics Glossary from Economist.com: (https://www.economist.com/economics-a-to-z)
Ecosystem valuation: Dollar based ecosystem valuation method: Encyclopedia of Ecosystem valuation in natural resource economics.
Green, William H.: Professor of Economics, NYU Stern School of Business. Also check Econometric Analysis 8th Edition
Introductory Econometric
Lecture Notes in Statistics: Lecture Notes in Statistics (LNS) includes research work on topics that are more specialized than volumes in Springer Series in Statistics (SSS).  The series editors are currently Peter Bickel, Peter Diggle, Stephen Fienberg, Ursula Gather, and Scott Zeger. Ingram Olkin was an editor of the series for many years.
LEMMA (Learning Environment for Multilevel Methods and Applications)
Machine Learning Cheat Sheets: RoboticsBiz & KDNugets
MITOpenCourseware: Open source courses from Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT): Probabilistic Systems Analysis and Applied Probability:
Online Statistics Education: An Interactive Multimedia Course of Study
Orthogonal Arrays, A Library of
Practical Assessment, Research & Evaluation
Principle of Microeconomics
Probability Theory and Mathematical Statistics (PennState)
Regression and Other Stories: Book by Andrew Gelman, Jenifer Hill, Avi Vehtari (Github Repository)
Regression and Time Series Analysis, Duke University
STAT TREK: Teach yourself statistics
Statistical Rethinking Winter 2019 by Richard McElreath: Github: A Bayesian Course with code examples in R/Stan/Python/Julia
Statistics Lecture Notes from Richland College
StatQuest with Josh Starmer: This youtube channel has several videos related to statistics explained super easy way. I watched a video about MLE of Exponential function and decided to bookmark this channel here.
Statistics using Excel: Everything you need to perform statistical analysis using excel.
Time Series Data Analysis Approach using R
Time Series Analysis and its Application with R Examples.
Univariate Distribution Relationships

Mathematics and Calculus: 
The University of Plymouth Mathematics and Statistics Outreach: An outreach program to make mathematics simple and handy. This outreach material is available under the School of Computing, Electronics, and Mathematics. Mathematics Support materials is a library of portable, interactive, web-based support package to learn various mathematical ideas and techniques. Interactive PDF are prepared using LaTeX (Variant of TeX) and Pdf.
David Stockburger’s Web Pages: Several introductory materials related to statistics and probability.
Game Theory: A Resource for educators and students of Game Theory
Math.com: Learn math.
Math 105: Probability Module, The University of British Columbia Mathematics Department.
School Yourself: This website has tons of mathematical learning stuffs and also provides interactive learning tools. You can download materials from this website in Apple books for interactive learning.

Articles, Books, and Literature in Agriculture, Forestry, Environment, Ecology, and Natural Resources:
Fishbein, M. & Ajzen, I. (1975). Belief, Attitude, Intention and Behavior: An Introduction to Theory and Research. Reading, MA: Addison-Wesley.
Farm Management for Asia: A Systems Approach. (FAO Farm Systems Management Series-13) (Book)
FAO, 2000. Applications of the Contingent Valuation Method in Developing Countries (Book).
Institute for Digital Research and Education –  UCLA Links:

Institute for Digital Research and Education – UCLA
Statistics – Institute for Digital Research and Education – UCLA
Agriculture, Forestry and Forest Resources

Glossary: Silvics of North America
Silviculture Terminologies: 
